If in your project you were going to have to use some kind of table we also have an option of working
with tables the nation email.
Now before we do that.
Now as always we'll need to get rid of this our list first and then let's start working with our table
element.
Now if you would have to guess how we would have to create the table element in an email with everything
that we already know of.
Well I think you probably guessed that correctly where you said well first we're gonna have to create
the table element and then obviously for each and every table we would have the rows.
Um well as we would have the columns.
Right.
So in order to create a row we would need to create a row element and then one in a row.
This is where we would create our data.
And again whatever columns we would like to create.
Meaning if you would want to have 10000 columns more you would have four columns.
The same thing would work where we would have the table data element and then within the table data.
This is where we write our information.
Again let's just have some kind of dummy text we the john.
This is gonna be my table data.
So if we're gonna copy and paste it again and let's say the second one would be Peter then again Sarah.
And again for the agency melted Oriel.
I don't see the point of coming up with some kind of exclusive examples.
This is just going to give you a general understanding of what's happening.
So the moment table data is I'm gonna be adding meaning the more columns I'm going to be adding then
I see the more columns are going to be displayed.
Now we also have an option of having the table headings so in our case we're gonna have let's say TR
and within the first table roll we have a element of the H which will stand for table head and within
the table head we can write again whatever we would like.
I'm just gonna say here's some info and we're going to copy and paste it.
And now I'm gonna have three table headings as well as three regular columns in the second row and if
I would like to create more rows I would just have to create again new row element and just keep on
adding the table data element.